=pod

=head1 JIRA-REST-Class

An OO Class module dealing with JIRA issues and their data as objects.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An OO Class module built atop L<JIRA::REST> for dealing with JIRA issues and
their data as objects.

This code is a work in progress, so it's bound to be incomplete.  I add methods
to it as I discover I need them.  I have also coded for fields that might exist
in my JIRA server's configuration but not in yours.  It is my I<intent>,
however, to make things more generic as I go on so they will "just work" no
matter how your server is configured.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item * L<JIRA::REST>

L<JIRA::REST::Class> uses C<JIRA::REST> to perform all its interaction with JIRA.

=item * L<REST::Client>

C<JIRA::REST> uses a C<REST::Client> object to perform its low-level
interactions.

=item * L<JIRA REST API Reference|https://docs.atlassian.com/jira/REST/latest/>

Atlassian's official JIRA REST API Reference.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2016-2018 by Packy Anderson

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of either:

=over 4

=item * the L<GNU General Public License|https://www.gnu.org/licenses/#GPL>
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
L<version 1|https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-1.0.html>,
or (at your option) any later version, or

=item * the L<Artistic License version 2.0|http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>,
or (at your option) any later version.

=back

=cut
